{\rtf1\ansi\uc1\deff0\deflang1024
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}
{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}
{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}
{\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Courier New;}
{\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Zapf Chancery;}
{\f5\fnil\fcharset0 STIXGeneral;}
}
{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\stylesheet
{\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24 \snext0 Normal;}
{\cs10 \additive\ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}
{\s1\qc\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs40 \sbasedon0\snext0 Part;}
{\s2\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs40 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}
{\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}
{\s4\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3;}
{\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 4;}
{\s6\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 5;}
{\s7\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 6;}
{\s8\qr\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext8 rightpar;}
{\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext9 centerpar;}
{\s10\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext10 leftpar;}
{\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equation;}
{\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equationNum;}
{\s13\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equationAlign;}
{\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equationAlignNum;}
{\s15\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equationArray;}
{\s16\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equationArrayNum;}
{\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 theorem;}
{\s18\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 bitmapCenter;}
{\s20\qc\sb240\sa240\b\f0\fs36 \sbasedon0\snext21 Title;}
{\s21\qc\sa120\f0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 author;}
{\s22\ql\tqc\tx4536\tqr\tx9072\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext22 footer;}
{\s23\ql\tqc\tx4536\tqr\tx9072\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext23 header;}
{\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 caption;}
{\s31\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 Figure;}
{\s32\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext32 Table;}
{\s33\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext33 Tabular;}
{\s34\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext34 Tabbing;}
{\s35\qj\li1024\ri1024\fi340\widctlpar\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext35 Quote;}
{\s38\ql\widctlpar\f3\fs24 \snext38 verbatim;}
{\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext46 List;}
{\s47\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext47 List 1;}
{\s50\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 latex picture;}
{\s51\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 subfigure;}
{\s61\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32 \sbasedon0\snext62 bibheading;}
{\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext62 bibitem;}
{\s64\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext64 endnotes;}
{\s65\ql\fi-113\li397\lin397\f0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext65 footnote text;}
{\s66\qj\fi-170\li454\lin454\f0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext66 endnote text;}
{\cs62\super \additive\sbasedon10 footnote reference;}
{\cs63\super \additive\sbasedon10 endnote reference;}
{\s67\ql\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext67 acronym;}
{\s70\qc\sa120\b\f0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext71 abstract title;}
{\s71\qj\li1024\ri1024\fi340\widctlpar\f0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 abstract;}
{\s80\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 contents_heading;}
{\s81\ql\li425\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb240\sa60\keepn\f0\fs24\b \sbasedon0\snext82 toc 1;}
{\s82\ql\li512\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext83 toc 2;}
{\s83\ql\li1024\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext84 toc 3;}
{\s84\ql\li1536\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext85 toc 4;}
{\s85\ql\li2048\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext86 toc 5;}
{\s86\ql\li2560\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext86 toc 6;}
}
{\info
{\title Original file was dg-syllabus.tex}
{\doccomm Created using latex2rtf 2.3.8 r1240 (released June 16 2014) on Wed Oct  7 16:02:05 2015
}
}
{\footer\pard\plain\f0\fs24\qc\chpgn\par}
\paperw12280\paperh15900\margl2680\margr2700\margt2540\margb1760\pgnstart0\widowctrl\qj\ftnbj\f0\aftnnar
{\pard\plain\s20\qc\sb240\sa240\b\f0\fs36\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 HD120: Destination Graduation{\cs62\super 1}
{\*\footnote\pard \s65\ql\fi-113\li397\lin397\f0\fs24{\cs62\super1} 3:30-4:20p Thursdays in BC-105}
\par
\pard\plain\s21\qc\sa120\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 Jane Sandberg{\cs62\super 2}
{\*\footnote\pard \s65\ql\fi-113\li397\lin397\f0\fs24{\cs62\super2} You can email me at {\f3 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "mailto:sandbej@linnbenton.edu" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{sandbej at linnbenton dot edu}}}, call me at {\f3 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "tel:5419174655" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{(541) 917 4655}}}, or stop by my office hours.}
\par
\pard\plain\s21\qc\sa120\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 \chdate \par
{\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \li512\ri512\fi360 Discovery consists of looking at the same thing as everyone else and thinking something different.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li512\ri512\fi360 {attributed to {\f3 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK " http://search.credoreference.com.ezproxy.libweb.linnbenton.edu:2048/content/topic/szent_gyo\\%CC\\%88rgyi_albert_1893_1986" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{Albert Szent-Gy\'f6rgyi}}}} \par
}{\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \li512\ri512\fi360 In the classroom, I share as much as possible the need for critical thinkers to engage multiple locations, to address diverse standpoints, to allow us to gather knowledge fully and inclusively. Sometimes, I tell students, it is like a recipe. I tell them to imagine we are baking bread that needs flour. And we have all the other ingredients but no flour. Suddenly, the flour becomes most important even though it alone will not do. This is a way to think about [lived] experience in the classroom.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \li512\ri512\fi360 {{\f3 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "http://search.credoreference.com.ezproxy.libweb.linnbenton.edu:2048/content/topic/hooks_bell_1952" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{bell hooks}}}, {\i Teaching to Transgress}} \par
}{}\column
\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb300 \fi0 1  Office hours\par
\pard\plain\s4\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 Mondays\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 10:30am-12pm in WH-143 (my office in the Albany campus library)\par
\pard\plain\s4\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 Thursdays\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 4:30-5:30pm in BC102A\par
\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 2  Required course materials\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {\b I do not require any textbooks for this course; please don\rquote t buy any.} All the readings and activities you will need are available as links in this document and Moodle.\par
\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 3  Course overview\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 Destination Graduation is a ten-hour, one-credit course designed to: {\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 1.\tab
Help students make a smooth academic and social transition to college life. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 2.\tab
Develop students\rquote  ability to use tools, information, and resources to be successful at LBCC. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 3.\tab
Help students establish a long-term academic advising relationship with a designated academic advisor, most frequently a faculty member. \par
}\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb300 \fi0 4  Learning outcomes\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 Upon successful completion of Destination Graduation (DG), you will be able to: {\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 1.\tab
Identify responsibilities and characteristics of successful students and the barriers to college success. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 2.\tab
Apply introductory critical thinking skills. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 3.\tab
Navigate important electronic educational resources. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 4.\tab
Develop a specific Education Plan related to your career/educational goal. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 5.\tab
Locate and know how to access support services and educational resources. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 6.\tab
Establish relationships with peers, LBCC faculty, staff, and an advising relationship with a designated academic advisor. \par
}\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb300 \fi0 5  Expectations\par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 1.\tab
Attend all class sessions \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 2.\tab
Participate in discussions (if this is an intimidating context for you, talk with me and we can work on a strategy to get you involved) \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 3.\tab
Complete all assignments \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 4.\tab
Come to class prepared \par
}\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb300 \fi0 6  Grading\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 In order to pass DG a student must:\par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 1.\tab
Attend a minimum of 70% of all classes. Attendance is strongly suggested for all classes. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 2.\tab
Complete of a minimum of 70% of the specified assignments. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 3.\tab
Complete an Education Plan and get it signed by their advisor. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 4.\tab
Meet with their advisor. \par
}\pard\plain\s4\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 Extra credit\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 Your instructor will provide information about these opportunities in class and on Moodle. Any extra credit assignments will be due on the last day of class.\par
\pard\plain\s4\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 File formats\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 You will be creating most of your assignments in some text editor and submitting them via Moodle. I am very flexible about which file format you use. In fact, many of the assignments are quite short, so I encourage you to use them to experiment with tools that you are unfamiliar with. Here are some ideas: {\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Typical word processor formats, such as those used by Microsoft Word and OpenOffice/LibreOffice \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
PDF formats \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
HTML, {\plain L{\up6\fs19 A}T{\dn7 E}X}, LyX, Docbook, or other typical markup languages \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Submit a link to a Google doc, YouTube video, blog post, or other online document you\rquote ve created that meets the stated criteria \par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi360 However, there are a few formats that are a total pain to open \endash  particularly documents created using Apple\rquote s {\i Pages} product. Please don\rquote t submit Pages documents. If you would like to submit something in an offbeat file format not listed here, check with me first to make sure that I can access it with my tools.\par
\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 7  Unique features of this DG section\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 Like your colleagues in other sections of DG, you will be learning about campus resources and planning for a successful education here at LBCC. However, a key part of your work at LBCC will be participation in scholarly conversations. To prepare you for this responsibility, we will spend time thinking about research methodologies, documentation of sources, claims and evidence, novel concepts, and knowledge gaps. During the last part of this term, we will use these discussions to inform lasting contributions to a frequently-used knowledge base, Wikipedia.\par
\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 8  Nondiscrimination and non-harassment statement\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 Linn-Benton Community College is committed to providing an atmosphere that encourages individuals to realize their potential. We embrace diversity and inclusion of all persons. The college prohibits unlawful discrimination based on race, color, religion, ethnicity, use of native language, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, veteran status, or age in any area, activity or operation of the college. In addition, the college complies with related federal, state, and local laws (Civil Rights, Disability & Rehabilitation Acts, Veterans Acts).\par
\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 9  Disability services and emergency planning statement\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 Students who may need accommodations or special tools due to a disability or disabilities should contact the Office of Disability Services (ODS) at 541-917-4789 or Red Cedar Hall 101/103 or access information on the LBCC website ({\f3 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "http://linnbenton.edu/disability-services" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{http://linnbenton.edu/disability-services}}}.) Students who have medical information which the instructor should know, or who need special arrangements in an emergency, should notify their instructor and Public Safety (Red Cedar Hall).\par
\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 10  Know your rights (and responsibilities)\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 LBCC students have rights: the right to free speech, the right to assemble, the right of a free press, etc. LBCC students also have responsibilities to their community: the responsibility to participate and engage in class, the responsibility to advocate for their needs (ask for help), the responsibility to support a respectful teaching and learning environment, the responsibility to treat all persons with respect, the responsibility to be truthful and honest in all work and communications, and the responsibility to follow staff directions, local, state, and federal laws. Rights and responsibilities balance together to create the best learning environment. For example, while you have free speech in the caf\'e9 or courtyard, in class the instructor decides whose turn it is to talk and what the topics for conversation will be. Students are free to believe what they believe, but instructors may require students to learn and recite concepts, principles, or theories for a class even if the student does not believe those concepts. You play a role in creating a positive community at LBCC. \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 Please review your rights and responsibilities at this link: {\f3 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "http://linnbenton.edu/go/studentrights" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{http://linnbenton.edu/go/studentrights}}}.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 If you believe a student is violating your rights, ask to be treated with respect. If that does not cure the situation, report to Associate Dean Dr. Lynne Cox, Takena 107.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \fi360 If you believe a faculty member or LBCC employee is violating your rights, please report to Human Resources, Scott Rolen, CC-108.\par
\column
\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 11  Schedule\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 All readings and assignments listed are due at the start of the relevant class period.\par
\pard\plain\s4\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 October 1: Introduction to the course and important computer systems\par
\pard\plain\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 Due\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 No assignments due\par
\pard\plain\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 Agenda\par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Introductions: names, potential majors, your motto \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Plans for the course \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Syllabus \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Email, Moodle, WebRunner \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Office software options: Office 365, LibreOffice, Google Drive, {\plain L{\up6\fs19 A}T{\dn7 E}X} \par
}\pard\plain\s4\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 October 8: Being successful as a student\par
\pard\plain\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 Due\par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Assignment: Write at least 200 words about where you see yourself in 5 years. Include career goals or any other goals that are important to you. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Viewing: 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_decipher \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{Baird, 2011}}}
] \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Supplemental viewing: 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_tannahill \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{Tannahill, 2015}}}
] \par
}\pard\plain\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 Agenda\par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
The advising process \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Center for Accessibility Resources, DAC, Services for veterans \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Grit\par
}\pard\plain\s4\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb220 \fi0 October 15: Participating in a scholarly community\par
\pard\plain\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 Due\par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Assignment: Watch the assigned video {\i Why OER?} Then write a response of at least 200 words and submit it via Moodle. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Viewing: 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_oer \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{{Tacoma Community College}, 2015}}}
] \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Reading: 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_wellsley \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{{Wellsley College Project on Social Computing}, 2008}}}
] \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Supplemental reading: 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_oer_dh \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{Lathrop, 2015}}}
] \par
}\pard\plain\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 Agenda\par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Learning Center/Annex \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Library and its scholarly research tools \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Diversity Achievement Center \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Getting inovlved: Student Leadership Council \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Email and text etiquette \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
A campus conversation: Open Educational Resources \par
}\pard\plain\s4\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 October 22: Preparing for a career\par
\pard\plain\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 Due\par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Assignment: Use LBCC or OSU library resources to identify a scholarly article (preferably peer-reviewed) that discusses the skills necessary for a field of study that interests you. Read the article, and create a document that describes three of these skills, why the author(s) felt they were important, how you can develop them during your time at school, and a complete citation for the article you read. Upload the document to Moodle. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Reading: 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_worksheets \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{{Linn-Benton Community College}, 2015}}}
] \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Supplemental reading: 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_crosswalk \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{{American Job Center Network}, 2015}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_ooh \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{{Bureau of Labor Statistics}, 2014}}}
] \par
}\pard\plain\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 Agenda\par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Explore Occupational Outlook Handbook and QualityInfo \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Discuss the degrees, programs, and certificates offered by LBCC \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Talk about education plans and get started on one \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Share out any experiences you\rquote ve had with student services this term \par
}\pard\plain\s4\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 October 29: Critical thinking, the research process\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 We will be meeting in BC225 \par
\pard\plain\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 Due\par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Assignment 1: Prepare a draft educational plan. Make an appointment with your advisor to develop it further. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Assignment 2: Find an academic journal article or viewpoint from the {\f3 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "http://ic.galegroup.com.ezproxy.libweb.linnbenton.edu:2048/ic/ovic/PageFinderPortletPage/PageFinderPortletWindow?u=lbcc&disableHighlighting=false&p=OVIC&prodId=&action=1&activityType=SelectedSearch&javax.portlet.action=portalRedirectAction&showDisambiguation=true&catId=GALE\\%7CHPZVWQ261035391" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{Opposing Viewpoints page on the DREAM Act}}}. Use the criteria listed in 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_evaluation \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{Driscoll and Brizee, 2013}}}
] as you read, then fill out the Moodle worksheet about the document you selected. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Reading: 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_evaluation \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{Driscoll and Brizee, 2013}}}
] \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Supplemental viewing: 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_gen_ed \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{Austin, 2011}}}
] \par
}\pard\plain\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 Agenda\par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Key terms: positionality, epistemology, claim, evidence, hypothesis, theory, methodology, meta-analysis \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Identify positionality, epistemology, claims, evidence, hypothesis, and methodology in articles from various disciplines \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Research help! \par
}\pard\plain\s4\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 November 5: Financial literacy, time management\par
\pard\plain\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 Due\par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Assignment 1: Use the {\f3 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "https://rpc.elm4you.org/" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{Research Project Calculator}}} to create a plan for an assignment in one of your other classes. Print out a copy for yourself, and take a screenshot and upload that to Moodle. Also, let Jane know what you think of the tool. Is it something that LBCC should implement? \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Assignment 2: Use the table of contents in 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_everyday \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{Riggs, 2008}}}
] to identify a gap in your financial knowledge. Read the relevant chapter, write a response of at least 200 words, and upload it to Moodle. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Reading: 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_finra \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{{{FINRA} Investor Education Foundation}, 2012}}}
] \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Supplemental reading: 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_smart \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{{National Endowment for Financial Education}, }}}
] \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Supplemental viewing: 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_credits \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{Madriaga, 2014}}}
] \par
}\pard\plain\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 Agenda\par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Balancing your commitments \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Financial aid discussion \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Satisfactory academic progress \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Fill out a schedule for the remaining weeks of the term \par
}\pard\plain\s4\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 November 12: Barriers to college success\par
\pard\plain\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 Due\par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Assignment: Identify one passage from the reading that you had a strong reaction to (either negative or positive) and one passage that you didn\rquote t understand. We will use these to kick off our class discussion. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Reading: 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_guillory2008s \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{Guillory and Wolverton, 2008}}}
] \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Supplemental reading: 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_rosenberg \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{Rosenberg, 2009}}}
] \par
}\pard\plain\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 Agenda\par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Discuss 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_guillory2008s \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{Guillory and Wolverton, 2008}}}
]. \par
}\pard\plain\s4\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 November 19: Participating in scholarly conversations, part 1\par
\pard\plain\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 Due\par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Assignment: Identify a short Wikipedia article about something in your community. Then identify a source that has information about the topic that is not covered in the Wikipedia article. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Reading: 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_eval \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{Ross and Salvaggio, 2014}}}
] \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Supplemental reading: 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_training \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{{Wikipedia}, 2015}}}
] \par
}\pard\plain\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 Agenda\par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Wikipedia \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Citations \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Identifying gaps in an article \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Primary, secondary, and tertiary sources \par
}\pard\plain\s4\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 December 3: Participating in scholarly conversations, part 2\par
\pard\plain\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 Due\par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Assignment: Uncover a novel fact that is missing from the article you identified last week. Add your fact and a citation you feel is appropriate, authoritative, and accessible to a Wikipedia Talk Page. Your instructor will evaluate your submission and may add it to Wikipedia proper. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Reading: 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_eryk \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{Salvaggio, 2014}}}
] \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Supplemental reading: 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_doyle \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{Doyle, 2015}}}
] \par
}\pard\plain\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 Agenda\par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Review your assignments \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
What to do with feedback from your instructors \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Discussion: plans for Winter Term \par
}{\column
\pard\plain\s61\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 {\plain\b\fs32 References}\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \li450\fi0 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_crosswalk}{American Job Center Network}, 2015{\*\bkmkend BIB_crosswalk}]\tab
{American Job Center Network} (2015). Military occupational classification ({MOC}) crosswalk. {\f3 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "http://www.onetonline.org/crosswalk/" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{http://www.onetonline.org/crosswalk/}}}.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi0 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_gen_ed}Austin, 2011{\*\bkmkend BIB_gen_ed}]\tab
Austin, M.\~W. (2011). The value of general education. {\i Psychology Today Blog}.  {\f3 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/ethics-everyone/201104/the-value-general-education" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/ethics-everyone/201104/the-value-general-education}}}.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi0 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_decipher}Baird, 2011{\*\bkmkend BIB_decipher}]\tab
Baird, M. (2011). Deciphering your assignment.  {\f3 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "https://video.lanecc.edu/media/Deciphering+Written+Assignments/0_efobnyi9/32267962" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{https://video.lanecc.edu/media/Deciphering+Written+Assignments/0_efobnyi9/32267962}}}.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi0 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_ooh}{Bureau of Labor Statistics}, 2014{\*\bkmkend BIB_ooh}]\tab
{Bureau of Labor Statistics} (2014). Occupational outlook handbook. {\f3 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "http://www.bls.gov/ooh/" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{http://www.bls.gov/ooh/}}}.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi0 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_doyle}Doyle, 2015{\*\bkmkend BIB_doyle}]\tab
Doyle, S.\~P. (2015). How to turn professors\rquote  feedback into a plan for success.  {\f3 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "http://www.firstgenerationstudent.com/blog/turn-feedback-into-success/" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{http://www.firstgenerationstudent.com/blog/turn-feedback-into-success/}}}.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi0 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_evaluation}Driscoll and Brizee, 2013{\*\bkmkend BIB_evaluation}]\tab
Driscoll, D.\~L. and Brizee, A. (2013). Evaluation during reading. {\i Purdue Online Writing Lab}. {\f3 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "https://owl.english.purdue.edu/owl/resource/553/03/" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{https://owl.english.purdue.edu/owl/resource/553/03/}}}.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi0 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_finra}{{FINRA} Investor Education Foundation}, 2012{\*\bkmkend BIB_finra}]\tab
{{FINRA} Investor Education Foundation} (2012). Oregon survey data at a glance. {\f3 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "http://www.usfinancialcapability.org/results.php?region=OR" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{http://www.usfinancialcapability.org/results.php?region=OR}}}.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi0 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_guillory2008s}Guillory and Wolverton, 2008{\*\bkmkend BIB_guillory2008s}]\tab
Guillory, R.\~M. and Wolverton, M. (2008). It\rquote s about family: {Native American} student persistence in higher education. {\i The Journal of Higher Education}, 79(1):58\endash 87.  {\f3 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "http://ezproxy.libweb.linnbenton.edu:2048/login?url=http://go.galegroup.com/ps/i.do?id=GALE\\|A174751958&v=2.1&u=lbcc&it=r&p=ITOF&sw=w" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{http://ezproxy.libweb.linnbenton.edu:2048/login?url=http://go.galegroup.com/ps/i.do?id=GALE\\|A174751958&v=2.1&u=lbcc&it=r&p=ITOF&sw=w}}}.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi0 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_oer_dh}Lathrop, 2015{\*\bkmkend BIB_oer_dh}]\tab
Lathrop, S. (2015). Initiative seeks to lower {LBCC} student costs. {\i Albany Democrat-Herald}.  {\f3 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "http://democratherald.com/news/local/initiative-seeks-to-lower-lbcc-student-costs/article_5e6670c7-f81b-5728-8f2a-9dedaf46557d.html" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{http://democratherald.com/news/local/initiative-seeks-to-lower-lbcc-student-costs/article_5e6670c7-f81b-5728-8f2a-9dedaf46557d.html}}}.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi0 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_worksheets}{Linn-Benton Community College}, 2015{\*\bkmkend BIB_worksheets}]\tab
{Linn-Benton Community College} (2015). Programs of study.  {\f3 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "http://linnbenton.smartcatalogiq.com/en/2015-2016/Catalog/Programs-of-Study" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{http://linnbenton.smartcatalogiq.com/en/2015-2016/Catalog/Programs-of-Study}}}.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi0 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_credits}Madriaga, 2014{\*\bkmkend BIB_credits}]\tab
Madriaga, C. (2014). Class credits and workload. {\f3 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "https://youtu.be/mnyj8PzqA94" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/mnyj8PzqA94}}}.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi0 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_smart}{National Endowment for Financial Education}, {\*\bkmkend BIB_smart}]\tab
{National Endowment for Financial Education}. 40 money management tips every college student should know.  {\f3 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "http://www.smartaboutmoney.org/Portals/0/ResourceCenter/40MoneyManagementTips.pdf" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{http://www.smartaboutmoney.org/Portals/0/ResourceCenter/40MoneyManagementTips.pdf}}}.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi0 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_everyday}Riggs, 2008{\*\bkmkend BIB_everyday}]\tab
Riggs, T., editor (2008). {\i Everyday Finance: Economics, Personal Money Management, and Entrepreneurship}. Gale, Detroit.  {\f3 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "http://go.galegroup.com.ezproxy.libweb.linnbenton.edu:2048/ps/i.do?id=GALE|1RCM&v=2.1&u=oregongeo&it=aboutBook&p=GVRL&sw=w" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{http://go.galegroup.com.ezproxy.libweb.linnbenton.edu:2048/ps/i.do?id=GALE|1RCM&v=2.1&u=oregongeo&it=aboutBook&p=GVRL&sw=w}}}.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi0 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_rosenberg}Rosenberg, 2009{\*\bkmkend BIB_rosenberg}]\tab
Rosenberg, B. (2009). How to read an academic article. {\f3 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "http://faculty.washington.edu/davidgs/ReadArticle.html" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{http://faculty.washington.edu/davidgs/ReadArticle.html}}}.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi0 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_eval}Ross and Salvaggio, 2014{\*\bkmkend BIB_eval}]\tab
Ross, S. and Salvaggio, E. (2014). Evaluating {Wikipedia}.  {\f3 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/96/Evaluating_Wikipedia_brochure_%28Wiki_Education_Foundation%29.pdf" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/96/Evaluating_Wikipedia_brochure_%28Wiki_Education_Foundation%29.pdf}}}.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi0 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_eryk}Salvaggio, 2014{\*\bkmkend BIB_eryk}]\tab
Salvaggio, E. (2014). Using talk pages.  {\f3 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c9/Using_talk_pages.pdf" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c9/Using_talk_pages.pdf}}}.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi0 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_oer}{Tacoma Community College}, 2015{\*\bkmkend BIB_oer}]\tab
{Tacoma Community College} (2015). Why {OER}?  {\f3 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "http://link.videoplatform.limelight.com/media/?mediaId=213add14d2434c4fbccbb30b6445c744&width=720&height=457" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{http://link.videoplatform.limelight.com/media/?mediaId=213add14d2434c4fbccbb30b6445c744&width=720&height=457}}}.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi0 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_tannahill}Tannahill, 2015{\*\bkmkend BIB_tannahill}]\tab
Tannahill, P. (2015). Moodle student orientation video. {\f3 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "http://elearning.linnbenton.edu/mod/page/view.php?id=103290" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{http://elearning.linnbenton.edu/mod/page/view.php?id=103290}}}.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi0 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_wellsley}{Wellsley College Project on Social Computing}, 2008{\*\bkmkend BIB_wellsley}]\tab
{Wellsley College Project on Social Computing} (2008). How to e-mail your professor.  {\f3 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "http://web.wellesley.edu/SocialComputing/Netiquette/netiquetteprofessor.html" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{http://web.wellesley.edu/SocialComputing/Netiquette/netiquetteprofessor.html}}}.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi0 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_training}{Wikipedia}, 2015{\*\bkmkend BIB_training}]\tab
{Wikipedia} (2015). Training for students. {\f3 \field{\*\fldinst{ HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:STUDENT" }{{}}}{\fldrslt{https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:STUDENT}}}.\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {} \par
}}
